Relevance,Explanation
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but misses key details or offers information that diverges from the main points covered in the original. While there is a connection, it does not fully capture the essence of the original response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer but lacks complete alignment in terms of context and specific details. While there is a connection, important elements from the original answer are missing or not fully addressed."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer, but it does not fully capture the essence or the key points presented in the original response. Some information may be relevant, but the overall context or details may be lacking or interpreted differently."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer touches on some aspects related to the original answer but fails to fully capture the main points or provide comprehensive information. While there are relevant elements, the overall context and depth of the original answer are not adequately reflected."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer but lacks key details or context that would make it fully relevant. It addresses the topic but does not provide comprehensive or precise information as indicated in the original answer.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer in content and context, addressing the same key points and providing consistent information."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the information and intent of the original answer. It effectively addresses the question posed while retaining the key concepts and context. There are no significant discrepancies, and it provides a coherent response."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the content and context of the original answer, providing accurate information relevant to the question."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, providing accurate and pertinent information that addresses the question effectively."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer, but it may lack key details or full alignment with the main points presented in the original answer. This causes differences that prevent it from being fully relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some related information but does not fully align with the original answer's key points. It may address the general topic but lacks specific details or context that are crucial for complete relevance.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects related to the original answer but lacks depth and does not completely capture the core message or all important details present in the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer captures some aspects of the original answer but may miss key details or context that are essential for full relevance. While there is some alignment in topics or ideas, the connection is not strong enough to classify it as fully relevant."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, providing key information and maintaining the overall message. It addresses the question appropriately and presents relevant facts."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but misses key details or context, leading to an incomplete or less coherent response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer but does not fully capture the main points or the depth of information provided in the original. Some relevant concepts are covered, but important details are missing."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information related to the original answer, but it lacks key details or context that are present in the original. While the main topic is addressed, the depth and completeness of the response do not fully align with what was provided in the original answer."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer accurately reflects and elaborates on the information provided in the original answer, maintaining consistency in content and context."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks depth or fails to cover key points. While there are some relevant connections, the overall information is not fully aligned with the original content."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer's content and context, providing consistent information and addressing the main points effectively."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer touches on some aspects related to the original answer but does not fully address the core points or may include additional information that diverges from the original context.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information that touches on key aspects of the original answer but lacks completeness and clarity. While it addresses the question, it omits critical details or context found in the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some information that aligns with the original answer but lacks a comprehensive understanding of the context. Certain key points from the original answer are missing, which affects its overall relevance."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the context and content of the original answer, providing accurate information and addressing the core aspects of the question."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, accurately reflecting its content and context. It effectively addresses the question based on the information provided."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks completeness or focus on the main points presented in the original context.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects related to the original answer but lacks depth and completeness. It covers key points but misses important details that are crucial for a full understanding.
NON_RELEVANT,The generated answer does not address the question or relate to the original answer at all. It fails to capture any of the key information or context provided in the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks depth and specific details that are crucial for full relevance. It partially reflects the themes of the original but misses key points.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the content and context of the original answer, effectively addressing the question posed and providing the necessary information."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that overlaps with the original answer but lacks complete alignment or misses key aspects, thus partially addressing the context of the original response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that are related to the original answer but lacks key information or specific context, making it not fully aligned but still somewhat connected."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer partially aligns with the original answer, touching on some similar concepts or themes but lacking completeness or coherence. While it addresses the topic, it does not fully encapsulate the core information provided in the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer covers some aspects of the original answer, but it misses key details and context, making it only somewhat aligned with the original content."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some information that is related to the original answer but lacks key details that make it less effective in fully addressing the original content.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer but lacks detail or completeness. While it addresses part of the question, it misses key aspects that would strengthen its relevance."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the key points and context of the original answer, providing the same information in a clear and accurate manner."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that are related to the original answer, but it lacks key details and does not fully address the main points presented in the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer but does not fully capture the complete information or context provided in the original response.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the content and context of the original answer, providing accurate information that addresses the question effectively."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses the question to some extent, but it lacks comprehensive details or key elements present in the original answer. It initiates relevant themes but does not fully encompass the original context."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer but lacks complete alignment in key aspects. It addresses the topic but does not fully capture the original answer's comprehensive points or specific details.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer, but it does not fully address the context or specifics of the original content. There are key aspects missing that would make it completely relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer shares some context or information with the original answer but does not completely align with the intent or specific details. There are key differences that prevent it from being considered fully relevant.
RELEVANT,The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer in both content and context. It addresses the same key points and provides accurate information that mirrors the intent of the original response.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, addressing the same key points and providing an accurate and comprehensive response to the generated question."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the key points and information presented in the original answer, maintaining the same context and addressing the original question appropriately."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer, but it does not fully capture the main points or context, leading to a partial relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer shares some information from the original answer but does not fully address all the key points or context, making it somewhat relevant but incomplete."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information but misses key aspects or details present in the original answer, resulting in a partial match."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks depth or important details. It partially aligns with the context but does not fully cover the key points of the original response.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, addressing the same key points and maintaining the original intent and context."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the key points and context provided in the original answer, addressing the main elements of the question with accurate and coherent information."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer partially addresses the question but does not fully align with the depth or specifics of the original answer. Some elements may be related, but there are key points missing that prevent it from being fully relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some relevant information related to the original answer but lacks certain key details or context that were present in the original. It partially addresses the question but does not fully capture all aspects of the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks comprehensive coverage or contains inaccuracies, making it somewhat useful but not fully aligned with the original context."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer in both content and context, addressing the key points and providing precise information that matches the original intent."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer, but it lacks comprehensive detail and specificity that were present in the original. While there are some relevant points, the overall context and depth are not fully aligned."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some information that relates to the original answer, but it misses key points or details that were present in the original. It could provide a better alignment with the core message."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer shares some concepts or information with the original answer but lacks completeness or accuracy in certain areas, leading to a partial relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but misses key details or diverges in focus, leading to partial relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer, but may miss key details or nuances that are crucial for a complete understanding. It is neither completely irrelevant nor fully aligned with the original content."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer shares some common themes with the original answer but lacks the depth or specificity required to fully align with the original's intent. While it addresses parts of the topic, important details from the original answer are missing."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some information that relates to the original answer but lacks depth and misses key details that are important for full relevance. While there are elements that align with the original content, the overall connection is insufficient to consider it fully relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks comprehensive coverage and clarity. There are elements that are both relevant and irrelevant, which suggest it connects to the topic but doesn't fully align with the main points of the original response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some relevant information that addresses the generated question but lacks key details from the original answer. It partially captures the essence of the original response while missing important context.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes information that is related to the original answer, but it lacks some specific details or context that would make it fully relevant. While it touches on the main points, it does not comprehensively address the original intent or content."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer, but it lacks completeness and misses key points that are present in the original. Thus, it captures part of the context but does not fully convey the intended message."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer captures some key concepts from the original answer but misses critical details and context, resulting in a partial match. The relevance of the content is present, but it lacks completeness and specificity."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the key points and context of the original answer, demonstrating a clear understanding of the topic and providing accurate information."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the content and context of the original answer, providing accurate and pertinent information relevant to the question posed."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some information relevant to the original answer but does not fully capture the essential points or context. It may touch on related themes but lacks depth and completeness compared to the original.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some information relevant to the original answer but lacks key details and context that would tie it closely to the original content. It partially addresses the subject without fully encompassing the original answer's intent or depth.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some relevant elements that relate to the original answer but also introduces some information that is not present in the original context. It indicates a level of understanding but does not fully capture the essence or all the key details of the original answer.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the content of the original answer, providing similar information and context, thus demonstrating a strong relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer includes some relevant information but does not fully address the original answer's main points. It touches upon related ideas but lacks depth and clarity in matching the original content.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses aspects related to the original answer, but it may not cover all key points or may deviate somewhat in content or focus, making it only partially relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that aligns with the original answer but misses key elements that are crucial for a complete understanding of the topic. Some context or details are lacking, which makes it not entirely relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some relevant information related to the original answer but lacks depth or specific details present in the original response. It addresses the question but does not fully align with the key points made in the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer but lacks comprehensive coverage of key points. It may address the question posed but does not fully align with the details or context of the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks depth and misses key points that are important for a complete understanding.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer shares some similarities with the original answer but lacks completeness or precision in addressing the specific aspects mentioned in the original response.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer shares some relevant content related to the original answer, but it lacks key details and nuances that are present in the original. It addresses the question partially, indicating some relevance but not fully capturing the intended information."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the context and content of the original answer, providing accurate and relevant information related to the question."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer partially addresses the topic mentioned in the original answer but lacks some specific details or context that were present in the original. It is related but does not fully satisfy the expectations set by the original response.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the key points and information provided in the original answer, maintaining the same context and addressing the question effectively."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some components that relate to the original answer but lacks key elements necessary for full relevance. It addresses the main topic but misses certain details or context that are integral to the original.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, maintaining key concepts and terminology while effectively addressing the query posed."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the key concepts and details presented in the original answer, providing accurate and relevant information that addresses the question posed."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information that aligns with the topic of the original answer, but it lacks key details and completeness. While it touches on some points, it does not fully capture the essence of the original content."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer, but it also introduces information that diverges from the key points of the original response. While there is a foundational connection, the details and clarity may differ, indicating a partial relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some elements from the original answer, but it lacks key points and context necessary for full relevance. It may relate to the topic but does not comprehensively address the question or align closely with the content of the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer, but it lacks comprehensive details and misses key points that are critical for full relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer touches on some aspects of the original answer but does not fully address the core elements or may introduce irrelevant information.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that align with the original answer but lacks key information or context that is crucial for full relevance. While there are parts that relate to the question, they do not comprehensively address the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer shares some thematic elements with the original answer, but lacks specific details or context that are present in the original. While it addresses the general topic, it does not fully align with the intent or depth of the original response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that align with the original answer, but it lacks key details or context that are crucial for complete understanding and coherence."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer, but it may miss key aspects or nuances that are central to the original response. Thus, while there is some relevance, it does not fully capture the essence of the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer, but it lacks depth and does not fully capture the key points. There are relevant concepts mentioned, but the overall response does not comprehensively address the original answer."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the content and context of the original answer, addressing the key points and providing a thorough response to the generated question."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, addressing the same content and context. It effectively captures the main points and details presented in the original, demonstrating high relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information related to the original answer, but it does not fully capture all key points or context provided in the original answer. Thus, while there is a connection, it lacks completeness."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some key points but lacks depth and misses several important details that were present in the original answer. It provides a general overview but does not fully capture the context or nuances necessary for a complete understanding.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the content and intent of the original answer, providing accurate information that aligns well with the original context."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer, but it lacks specific details and depth that are present in the original. While there is a connection, it does not fully capture the context or provide a complete response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information that aligns with the original answer, but it also includes additional details that may not be directly related. This indicates a partial relevance, as there is some connection but not a complete match."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer captures some aspects of the original answer but misses key details or provides an incomplete response that does not fully address the query.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some aspects related to the original answer, but it lacks completeness and misses key details that would make it fully relevant."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely addresses the key points and information provided in the original answer, maintaining the context and intent of the response."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, providing the same core information and context. It addresses the question effectively, demonstrating a clear understanding and relevance to the original content."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains information that somewhat relates to the original answer, but also includes additional context or details that may not directly match. It partially aligns with the essence of the original response but lacks full coherence."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but does not fully align with its core points. There are notable differences in the details or context that affect the overall relevance.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that relates to the original answer, but it lacks comprehensive details and may not fully address the question or context as effectively as the original response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but does not fully capture the key points or context presented in the original answer. There are connections between the two, but significant gaps in relevance exist."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information related to the original answer but lacks depth and coherence. While it touches on some key points, it does not fully capture the essence or details provided in the original answer, resulting in a partial relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that align with the original answer, but it misses key points or concepts that are critical for full understanding. There is a partial overlap in context, but it does not fully capture the essence of the original response."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the key concepts and information presented in the original answer, addressing the same question and providing a similar perspective."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some relevant information related to the original answer, but it lacks completeness and misses key details that are present in the original answer. It only partially addresses the question context."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the key points and information presented in the original answer, maintaining context and relevance to the question generated."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer shares some concepts with the original answer but lacks comprehensive coverage of the topic. It addresses certain aspects related to the question but does not fully align with the primary points of the original answer.
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely matches the content and intent of the original answer, providing accurate information that aligns with what was originally provided."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses the topic mentioned in the original answer but lacks some depth and misses key points that were important in the original content.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements related to the original answer but lacks key details or contextual accuracy, leading to a partial understanding of the topic."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, addressing the key points and providing relevant information that is consistent in context and meaning."
NON_RELEVANT,"The generated answer does not address the key points or concepts presented in the original answer, indicating a lack of relevance to the topic."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer, but misses key details that are central to the original context. While there are similarities, the differences in depth and accuracy reduce its overall relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some elements that relate to the original answer, but it does not fully capture the main points or details present in the original. It may address similar themes but lacks comprehensive coverage of the original content."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the key points and themes presented in the original answer, successfully conveying the same information and context."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some elements related to the original answer but lacks comprehensive coverage of the key points or concepts presented in the original. It demonstrates partial understanding and relevance but does not fully align with the intent or details of the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer contains some relevant information that aligns with the original answer but lacks depth or specific details that would make it fully relevant. There are key points missing that are crucial for a comprehensive understanding.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer touches on some aspects of the original answer but lacks depth and misses key details that are critical for a complete understanding. While there is some overlap in content, the overall context and clarity are not fully captured."
NON_RELEVANT,"The generated answer does not address or align with the original answer's content, making it irrelevant to the question posed."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks depth and misses key details, making it only partially relevant to the original content."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some elements related to the original answer, but it lacks depth and misses key points discussed in the original. It remains on-topic but does not fully capture the nuances or specifics that are present in the original answer."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information that aligns with the original answer, but it also includes extraneous details or lacks completeness compared to the original. Therefore, it is not fully relevant."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer touches on some aspects of the original answer but does not fully capture its core points. While there are similarities in concepts, important details are missing, leading to a limited connection."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer includes some elements that are relevant to the original answer, but lacks comprehensive coverage of the topic or introduces inaccuracies. Some key points from the original answer may be missing or misrepresented."
NON_RELEVANT,"The generated answer does not address the question nor relate to the original answer's content, indicating a complete lack of relevance."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the information provided in the original answer, effectively addressing the same question and providing relevant details."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer closely aligns with the original answer, maintaining the same context and effectively addressing the question posed. Key terms and concepts are preserved, making it a suitable response."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but lacks completeness or includes inaccuracies that deviate from the key points originally provided.
NON_RELEVANT,"The generated answer does not address the content or context of the original answer at all. There is no connection between the two, making the generated response irrelevant."
RELEVANT,"The generated answer aligns closely with the original answer in terms of content and context, effectively addressing the generated question without introducing unrelated information."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but may not fully capture the essence or details necessary for complete relevance. There are deviations in content or context that affect the alignment with the original answer.
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer, but it lacks comprehensive coverage or introduces information that diverges from the core topic, making it somewhat relevant but not fully aligned."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer partially addresses the topic introduced by the original answer but lacks some key details or nuances that were present in the original response. There are elements that align with the core message, but it does not fully capture the richness or completeness of the original."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some information that is related to the original answer, but it does not fully address the core focus of the original content. It may include useful points but lacks depth or specificity that aligns with the original answer's intent."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer retains some elements of the original answer, but fails to fully address the key points or the context of the original content, leading to partial relevance."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer contains some relevant information related to the original answer but lacks depth or misses key points that would make it fully aligned. While it touches on similar topics, it does not directly answer the question in a way that mirrors the completeness or specificity of the original."
PARTLY_RELEVANT,"The generated answer addresses some aspects of the original answer but misses key details that are vital for a complete understanding of the topic. While there is some connection, it lacks full alignment with the original response."
